docs: correct the hello-world content (#641)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/getting-started/hello-world.md

weight: 30
---

> 

Reviewer: @derberg, can you confirm this is technically accurate? I am not sure myself 😬

Reviewer 2: actually it is technically correct. AsyncAPI file should be used to describe what users/consumers can do with the file. So if the file has `publish` operation, it means others can publish to this `hello` channel, and `Hello world application` will receive the message

Author: ok got it, I have made adjustments which I think will bring more light to those reading the sample and be confused as I was.

Reviewer 2: ok, but `capable of publishing` should still say `capable of receiving` as the AsyncAPI doc describes `Hello world application` app

> Let's define an application that's capable of publishing a "hello {name}" message, that is, clients can publish to this `hello` channel, and the `Hello world application` will receive the message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's define an application that's capable of receiving a "hello {name}" message, that is, clients can publish to `hello` channel, and the `Hello world application` will receive the message.
```
